/*
Title: November 2014 (v1.14)
Tags: release notes,visual studio
Versions: 1.14.5747,1.14.5606,1.14.5548,1.14.5536,1.14.5514,1.14.5495,1.14.5458,
Date: 2014-11-27
*/

# v1.14.5747
> Date: November 27, 2014

- Fix of crash, when extension_dir directive in php.ini contains invalid characters.
- Fix of F12 when window is scrolled few lines up.

# v1.14.5606
> Date: October 16, 2014

- $argv and $argc in IntelliSense.
- Fix for Tab settings when indenting and unindenting (Tab, Shift+Tab).
- When changing File Extension/Editor options, IntelliSense cache is reloaded immediatelly.
- Memory usage optimization.
- Project system improvements.
- IntelliSense performs more tasks on background.
- S/FTP faster target directory check.
- IntelliSense cursor position fixes.
- IntelliSense fix for self, parent, static when inside a namespace.
- When navigating from Navigation Bar into a collapsed region, region is expanded.

# v1.14.5548
> Date: September 19, 2014

- Fix of code formatting within try/catch block.
- Fix of crash when there is a file missing on disk.
- Fix of Tool Tip crash when first letter of an identifier is mouseovered.
- Fix of IntelliSense exception.
- Fix of old HTML support IntelliSense.
- Fix of Error List and Task List; only errors of opened files or files within a PHP project are listed, only tasks of a file within a PHP project are listed

# v1.14.5536
> Date: September 14, 2014

- Include and Exclude performance improvements.
- Error List performance improvements.
- Navigation Bar performance improvements.
- Fix of crash when .NET Performance and Diagnostics is launched with PHP Project.
- Fix of crash when debugging is stopped.
- IntelliSense engine runs max for few seconds.
- Fixed IntelliSense when cursor is at the end of file.
- Fixed IntelliSense for functions and constants.
- Fixed IntelliSense when PHPDoc type names have to be translated using current naming context.
- Fixed IntelliSense over identifiers which name should be translated using current naming context.

# v1.14.5514
> Date: September 8, 2014

- IntelliSense object members.
- Opening documents fix.
- Starting web project fix.
- Items in navigation bar are sorted alphabetically.
- Conditionally declared functions and classes are visible in IntelliSense.

# v1.14.5495
> Date: August 30, 2014

- Feedback form in Help | PHP Tools Feedback.
- Feedback form when app crashes from PHP Tools.

### Debug

- Fix of debugging when path contains '#' character.
- Debug path mapping considers project references and SubPath property.

### Project

- Support for NuGet.

### Testing

- Test Configuration Editor.
- Support for custom PHPUnit configuration file.
- Organizing tests by a test suite defined in a configuration file.
- Support for bootstrapper and other PHPUnit options.
- Faster test discovery.
- By default, only files suffixed with Test.php are probed.
- Test class must have 'Test' suffix.

# v1.14.5458
> Date: August 22, 2014

- High DPI UI support.
- Support for JS debugging in PHP main file.
- Fixes.

### Editor

- Peek to definition.
- Quick Info syntax colored.
- More information in IntelliSense.
- Redesigned IntelliSense.
- Over "new" expression, F1 and F12 jumps to the constructor of class.
- Code collapsing of lambda functions.
- Fix of crash when there is "func() = expr;" code.
- Fix when there is a method called "assert".
- Fix when using declare().

### Project

- Project-wide Error List.

