/*
Title: January 2016 v1.18
Tags: release notes,visual studio
Versions: 1.18.8503,1.18.8473,1.18.8451,1.18.8331,1.18.8281,1.18.8215,1.18.8182,
Date: 2016-01-15
*/

# v1.18.8503
> Date: January 15, 2016

### Publish

- TLS 1.2 enhancements.
- Enhanced interactive authentication support.
- Support X509 certificate host key algorithm in SFTP

# v1.18.8473
> Date: January 5, 2016

### Editor

- Fix of crash when smart tag action resulted in exception.

### Activation

- Fix of activation issue when firewall doesn't allow us to reach license server.

# v1.18.8451
> Date: December 23, 2015

### Editor

- comment/uncomment fixes.
- comment/uncomment at begining of line works.
- comment/uncomment of selection with HTML/PHP handled properly.
- (VS2015) Split window fixes.
- (VS2015) Fix of corrupted HTML when pasting code or formatting selection.
- formatting selection (e.g. on paste) fix.

### PHP

- Fix of Visual Studio crash when php.exe version is in an unexpected format.

### Activation

- Fix of activation issue when current user account was not configured to allow delegation.

# v1.18.8331
> Date: October 29, 2015

### Editor

- (VS2015) fix of crash when Microsoft ASP.NET and Web Tools 2015 (Beta8) is installed.
- Automatic format after semicolon closing a colon block (endif; endswitch; endfor; endforeach; endwhile;).
- Outlining of colon blocks.
- Outlining of try/catch/finally blocks.
- Colorization of true/false/null as keywords (blue).
- Fix of IntelliSense not containing symbols from composer packages.

### Publish

- Update of file transfer protocol library.

# v1.18.8281
> Date: October 15, 2015

### Setup

- Fix of loading the extension into Visual Studio.

### Editor

- Major editor performance improvement for large files.
- (VS2015) Overlapping JavaScript/CSS with PHP code colorizes now.
- Fix of error underlining location.

### Composer

- Fix of crash in case of circular dependency in unused packages.

### Extensibility

- Introducing Devsense.PHP.Nodes.dll.

# v1.18.8215
> Date: October 2, 2015

- From Existing Code project template.
- (VS2015) Fix of Text Explorer - listing and running tests works in VS RC without admin.

### IntelliSense

- PHPDoc above local variable works even without @var.
- @ignore PHPDoc tag above a local variable avoids reporting it as unused.

### Editor

- (VS2015) Fix of lost PHP code colorization after HTML code edit.
- Fix of tool tips during debugging.
- Fix of HTML formatter.
- Fix of code analysis crash of huge complex functions.
- (VS2015) Laravel blade templating experimental support.

### Debug

- (VS2015) Fix of Autos Window.

# v1.18.8182
> Date: September 25, 2015

### IntelliSense

- Correct completion of aliases and use of aliased namespaces.
- IntelliSense inside PHPDoc for type hints and PHPDoc tags.
- Code completion after "new" looks at function signature to preselect class name.
- F1 onto user-defined function/class/constant looks into @link PHPDoc and opens it if any.
- Fix of IntelliSense update for files out of PHP project.

### Refactoring

- When renaming a file from Solution Explorer, user is prompted to refactor name of contained class.

### Editor

- Option to outline code blocks (if, switch, case, for, foreach).
- Navigate To (Ctrl+,) looks into referenced packages as well.
- PHPDoc tags colorization and completion fixes.
- Fix of Go To Brace (Ctrl+]).
- Editor fixes.
- Option to reformat line of code after moved using Alt+Up/Down (VS2013 and later).
- Editor performance improvements.
- 'elseif' in IntelliSense and snippet.
- 'Operator' color is customizable.
- Major editor engine change.
- Fix of brace completion within strings and comments.
- Fix of signature helper bolding wrong parameter after comma.
- Fix of smart indentation after mixture of HTML and PHP.

### Heredoc

- Colorization of HEREDOC and NOWDOC with XML or HTML code.
- Outlining of HEREDOC and NOWDOC content.
- Background color for HEREDOC and NOWDOC content.

### HTML Editor

- Visual Studio 2015 HTML Editor.
- Fixes (VS2015 only) - outlining, items in context menu.

### Miscellaneous

- Fixes for importing/upgrading wizard.
- Visual Studio 2010 fixes - Options Dialog crash, Smart Indent.

