/*
Title: March 2015 v1.15
Tags: release notes,visual studio
Versions: 1.15.7750,1.15.7746,1.15.7721,
Date: 2015-03-21
*/

# v1.15.7750
> Date: March 21, 2015

- Improvements of automatic directory mapping during remote debugging .
- Fix of MsBuild targets files.

# v1.15.7746
> Date: March 18, 2015

- Faster installation. Fixes for 32bit Windows.
- __TRAIT__ constant added, parser, IntelliSense.
- Composer package properties fixes.
- Fix of line endings when formatting and inserting new line.
- Fix of IntelliSense when there are two classes with the same full name.

# v1.15.7721
> Date: March 6, 2015

- Visual Studio 2015 CTP5, CTP6 supported.
- MSBuild capabilities improvements.
- Microsoft Web PHP Project template (which allows azure publish and web deploy).
- Fixes.

### Editor

- Ctrl+M,L supported when using advanced HTML Editor.
- Collapsed /** summary */ contains first line of the description.
- IntelliSense improvements based on code analysis.
- Fix of navigation bar when advanced HTML Editor is enabled.
- Fix of navigation bar when advanced HTML Editor is disabled.
- Source code validation and analysis.
- Type in tooltips is shortened according to current namespace.
- Tooltip text is wrapped.
- Fix for tooltips when debugging from array chains and foreach variables.
- Function header text contains '&' for references.
- Fixes.
- Fix of HTML highlighting when support for HTML Editor is enabled.
- Memory leak fix.
- Task list, Error List with too many items processed on background.
- Optimizations.
- Find All References (Shift+F12).
- Contextual highlighting of references.
- Correct F1 Help URL for $_COOKIE and $_ENV.
- IntelliSense analyses @var PHPDoc tag above class when accessing object as array.
- Errors underlining, outlining, smart tags fixes.
- Known type of functions/variables/constants in tool tips.

### Code Validation

- Type analysis running on background.
- Error detection based on type analysis.
- /** @var T $x */ in local scope forces type of local variable.
- Detection of unused variables and uninitialized variables.
- Detection of undefined classes.
- Detection of type mismatch.
- Detection of unreachable code.
- Detection of unused or undefined labels.
- Detection of common typos and common runtime errors.

### Composer

- Composer packages handled by Solution Explorer, Code Analysis and IntelliSense.
- Direct actions to Install new, update or install missing.
- Packages from composer.json are shown in Project References in tree hierarchy.
- Missing packages downloaded automatically on project load.
- Packages are included in IntelliSense.

### Test Explorer

- Bundled PHPUnit updated to version 4.5.
- Running selected tests with @dataProvider fix.
- Faster tests discovery.
- '*phpunit*.xml.dist' and '*phpunit*.xml' allowed as PHPUnit configuration file names.

