/*
Title: January 2017 v1.22
Tags: release notes,visual studio
Versions: 1.22.9523,1.22.9478,
Date: 2017-01-23
*/

# v1.22.9523
> Date: January 23, 2017

- Fix of Class View not being loaded.
- Fix of toolbars and menus displayed when a Smarty file is opened.

### Smarty (VS2015 and newer)

- More tolerant syntax checker.
- New Keyword.
- Fix of Smarty editor exception messages.

### VS2017

- Experimental support for Visual Studio 2017 RC

# v1.22.9478
> Date: January 17, 2017

### Editor

- PHP interfaces in integrated PHP manual updated.
- Light bulbs in VS 2015 and newer instead of legacy smart tags.
- Fix of Visual Studio freezes.

### Project

- Crash fix for VS2017RC.

### Smarty (VS2015 and newer)

- Smarty code colorization.
- Smarty autocompetion of pair keywords (pressing Tab).
- Smarty IntelliSense for keywords, multiword keywords, functions, modifiers and variables.
- IntelliSense analyses PHP source code for user defined variables.
- Basic Smarty syntactic error checking.
- Smarty tooltips for functions and modifiers.
- Support for Go To Definition (pressing F12) for smarty variables, functions and modifiers.
- Smarty syntax verification and errors underlining.

### Composer

- Improved new Composer package dialog (displays more relevant information).
- Dialog shows amount of package downloads and stars.
- Abandoned packages have warning note.
- License and publish date is shown.
- Faster packagist repository loading.

### VS2017

- Experimental support for Visual Studio 2017 RC

