/*
Title: March 2018 (v1.26)
Tags: release notes,visual studio
Versions: 1.26.10606,1.26.10589,
Date: 2018-03-06
*/

# v1.26.10606
> Date: March 6, 2018

- Fix of Test Explorer when runing tests without phpunit.config.
- Warn a user when he saves a file about data loss if he's saving in the encoding which doesn't include needed characters
- Fix of Legacy Import from Existing Code option
- When copy/paste we do not display error message of malformated html document.
- Reading php.ini short_open_tag option and parse the code accordingly when PHP build-in server is used.
- vararg @param type hint treated as array type as well

### Twig

- Twig support optimizations and improvements.
- Minor fix when non existing filter is used.

# v1.26.10589
> Date: February 26, 2018

- Reporting of PHP4 style constructs deprecation.
- IntelliSense handles files changed outside IDE.
- Refactoring of indirectly used constants.
- Refactoring improvements and fixes.
- Fix of VS startup freezing.
- Fix for Visual Studio 2017 15.6.0 Preview 1.0 (and newer).
- Fix of Test Explorer with custom non-standard phpunit config.
- Fix of possible deadlock when used with Resharper.

### Twig

- Twig split view UI improvements.
- Twig split view can be disabled in options.
- Twig design view (experimental).
- Twig design view macros and imports (experimental).

### Twig (VS2017)

- Twig blocks work inside CSS blocks.

### Debug

- Fix: Hovering on function arguments or initializers could alter execution of the program.
- Fix: Debugger didn't step after hiting a breakpoint set in the first statement of the program.
- Minor remote debugging improvements.

### Editor

- Fix: HTML formatting eats whitespace when triming text elements.
- Support for structure guide lines in VS2017.

### Composer

- Fixes Install New package dialog when number of results is greater than 750.

### Smarty (VS2015 and newer)

- Optimizations and other enhancements.
- Smarty blocks work inside CSS blocks.

