/*
Title: April 2022 (1.64)
Tags: release notes,visual studio
Date: 2022-04-19
*/

# April 2022 (version 1.64)

**Downloads:** https://www.devsense.com/download<br/>
**Purchase:** https://www.devsense.com/purchase

Welcome to the April 2022 release of PHP Tools for Visual Studio.

## Generic Types

Even though PHP language does not have generic types yet, developers are keen to annotate their code with generic types more a more frequently. Fir example the Laravel 9 takes a hige advantage of the Psalm/PHPStan annotations, including the generic `@template`s annotation.

With this release of PHP Tools, the syntax is fully supported, generic types and infered generic types are shown in corresponding tool-tips, code completion uses the infered types, and more. This greatly improves eventual code completion and code refactoring wherever the generic types are either specified or infered by the editor.

### Generic PHPDoc Syntax

- `@template`, `@extend`, `@implement`
- types with `<` and `>` generic annotation

### Completion After Generics

### Infer Generic Types from Constructor

### Laravel Collections and Doctrine Collections

### Generic Types in Tool Tips

### Support Psalm and PHPStan names

## Fixes

- fixes deleting files on remote server; if the file is already deleted, the operation continues successfuly.
- fixes debugging with JS debugging enabled.
- minor project system fixes.

## Improvements

- debug output is not containing some unimportant internal messages.
- debug exception handling improved, when there is a syntax error, full callstack is displayed
- improved IntelliSense completion pre-selection.
- updated PHP and Xdebug distributions.
