/*
Title: December 2022 (1.71)
Tags: release notes,visual studio,PHP 8.2
Date: 2022-12-29
*/

# December 2022 (version 1.71)

**Downloads:** https://www.devsense.com/download<br/>
**Purchase:** https://www.devsense.com/purchase

Welcome to the December 2022 release of PHP Tools for Visual Studio!

## Better PHP 8.2 and PHP 8.1 Support

- `enum` and `BackedEnum` and `UnitEnum` implicit interfaces
- `readonly` and `enum` parsed properly, when used a a part of qualified name
- updated integrated manual with latest symbols and translations
- support for the new `Random` extension
- support for the new PHP 8.2 core types

### IntelliSense &amp; Enums

The PHP 8.1 `enum` objects implicitly implements `UnitEnum` and `BackedEnum` interfaces. The `BackedEnum<TValue>` interface is annotated with a template type argument so it can be used in Doc Comments with the backed type for better type analysis. E.g.:

```php
/** @param \BackedEnum<string> $e */
function foo($e) {
    return $e->value // -> string
}

enum MyEnum : string {
    case A;
}

foo( MyEnum::A );
```

## Improved Doc Comment Syntax

We've been working on recognizing the whole range of commonly used type syntaxes in Doc Blocks; now supporting most of PHPStan, and other popular linting frameworks.

Types, including complex array shapes, generic types, template type annotations, unions, intersections, and callables; are all not properly colorized, occurrences highlighted, and code completion works (even inside `<` and `>` when specifying generic type arguments). Refactoring recognizes nested types within Doc Blocks, and the overall functionality of types within Doc Blocks is complete now.

This release introduces more compatibility, and more features towards Doc Blocks, and related type analysis and code diagnostics.

## Improved Generics and PHPStan Compatibility

- supported the rest of `@template`, `@implements-*`, `@extends-*`, and other notations
- generic types support overall improvements, more supported scenarios, working with doctrine/collections, etc.
- core PHP `Traversable` types have been annotated with generic template type arguments
- `foreach` works well with generic collections, `Traversable` types with generic annotations

### PHPStan Array Shape, `callable`, `list`, and More

Since this release, the editor supports all the syntaxes for array shapes and callables. In addition, the type analysis handles specified PHPStan types accordingly.

PHPStan and Psalm  **array shapes** specified in PHP Doc Comments are allowed, parsed, colorized, and used in code completion and type analysis.

Additionally, `list` and `non-empty-list` types are handled as well. Including their generic counterparts with `<` and `>` types specified.

All the **callable** syntaxes in PHP Doc Comments are supported now as well.

### Array Shape Types Supported

- doc comments allow using single-line structured array types in form of `array{ key: type, }`

## More Generic Annotations

This update brings the standard types annotated with generic template types; this is especially helpful in Laravel and Symfony frameworks, where it provides type inferring for all the collections, iterables, `Generator`, `DOMNodeList`, etc.

This improves value inferred within `foreach` for all kinds of iterables.

## Editor Enhancements

- tool-tips show resolved generic types
- stub-only phar packages (`.phar` with only the main stub, no file entries) are supported
- blade files do not report falsy warnings
- generated doc comments (`/**`) respect `Generator` functions
- memory use optimizations
- overall type inferring improvements and fixes
- PHPStan doc comment type syntaxes supported and improved
- avoids several falsy warnings
- `integer`, `boolean`, `list` types are handled properly in Doc Block.
- Unused `use` analysis is fixed, so it handles type names specified in Doc Blocks.
- Diagnostic and parameter completion for `session_set_cookie_params()` works for both possible definitions.
- Missing `Imagick` constants added.
- Improves type inferring for generic types and various edge cases.
