/*
Title: January 2024 (1.78)
Tags: release notes,visual studio,formatter,php,ai,IntelliPHP
Date: 2024-01-06
*/

# January 2024 (version 1.78)

Welcome to the January 2024 release of PHP Tools for Visual Studio!

## Improvements

- Doc Block with multiline `array<>` syntax supported.
- Doc Block with `@psalm-type` definition using `=` character supported.
- Doc Block with `@var` defining a type of a whole expression (not just a variable) is handled.
- Type analysis improved in case there is a lot of array types with key names.
- Type analysis handles complex L-value of `instanceof` operator.
- Type analysis improved in case there are a lot of array types with key names.
- Improves handling global variables in WordPress source code.
- Code completion for array keys, type inferring for array entries, and array keys for `$_SERVER` and `$GLOBALS`.
- Improved `array_unshift()` type analysis.
- Refactoring of `private` properties.
- Refactoring of property names specified inside `property_exists()` function.
- Improved detection and completion for eloquent local scopes.
- WordPress's structured array/object doc comment syntax is recognized and respected by code analysis and code completion.
- Workarounds diagnostics in incorrectly generated type names in `_ide_helper.php`.
- Diagnostic for `${}` deprecated string interpolation and corresponding code action.
- Improves resolution of methods returning `static`/`$this` ([#1820](https://community.devsense.com/d/1820)).
- Various code analysis improvements.

## Fixes

- Statiblity fixes for Stack Overflow Exception (happens in Symfony framework) [#437/46](https://community.devsense.com/d/437-stack-overflow-in-symfony-project/46)
- Updated PHP parser to handle keywords in PHP8+ FQN namespace syntax.
- Fixes falsy diagnostics of unreachable code.
- Not reporting unknown property if it was checked with `property_exists()`.
- Fixed _inlay hints_ in ambiguous function calls (function defined on two places or opened in two files).
- Crash fixes.
