/*
Title: December 2024 (1.83)
Tags: release notes,visual studio,formatter,php,ai,IntelliPHP,performance
Date: 2024-12-22
*/

# December 2024 (version 1.83)

Welcome to the December release of PHP Tools for Visual Studio. This update improves stability, improves existing refactoring and IntelliSense features, and adds new code formatting options.

## Formatting Setting in `.editorconfig`

Newly, code formatting rules can be specified in standard `.editorconfig` files (see [customize formatting](https://docs.devsense.com/vscode/editor/customize-formatting/) for the list of EditorConfig rules).

**IntelliJ** formatting settings in `.editorconfig` (prefixed with `ij_`) are partially supported. In this way we respect the formatting style exported from IntelliJ editor.

## PHP 8.4

We're happy to announce the code editor supports the latest PHP 8.4 syntax, property hooks, asymmetric property visibility, and corresponding IntelliSense and code diagnostics. 

## Code Actions

We are adding more useful inline refactoring actions through Visual Studio code actions (using hortcut `Ctrl+.` by default). The documentation is still in progress, but you can peek into the list at https://docs.devsense.com/vscode/code%20actions/list/#list.

## IntelliSense Improvements

Based on your feedback, we are improving code analysis of the PHP language. There are numerous changes and fixes, providing better code completion and diagnostics.

We have added diagnostics for method call visibility, properties visibility, wrong use of aliasing `&`, and more.

## Fixes

- Fixes for `.blade.php` files, typing, and code editing.
- Fixes Composer packages installed as a symlink.
