/*
Title: May 2024 (1.80)
Tags: release notes,visual studio,formatter,php,ai,IntelliPHP,performance
Date: 2024-05-21
*/

# May 2024 (version 1.80)

Welcome to the May 2024 release of PHP Tools for Visual Studio! There are a lots of internal improvements, enhanced performance, lower memory usage, updates to PHP stubs, PHPDoc sytaxes, and more. 

### Code Analysis and IntelliSense

- Respects `/** @ignore $variablename */` so if the `$variablename` is unused, the problem is not reported.
- Supports more complex conditional return type, i.e. `@return ($name is class-string<T> ? T : bool)` ([#538](https://github.com/DEVSENSE/phptools-docs/issues/538)).
- Fixes false unreachable code warning ([#556](https://github.com/DEVSENSE/phptools-docs/issues/556)).
- Inline suggestion after `namespace`.
- Diagnostic for possibly wrong `foreach` variables.
- Override dignostic respects possible `class_alias` of the type hints.
- Override dignostic underlines trait use, it the trait introduces an incompatible method.
- Type inferring improvements.
- Handling some invalid PHPDoc type annotations.

### Code Actions

- New code action to change `define` to `const` if applicable.
- Code action to fix invalid casing of `string` PHPDoc type hint.
- And more!

### Improvements

- Performance and memory usage improvements.

## Fixes

- Formatter: Fixes unwanted space before named arguments which happens to be keywords as well. [#555](https://github.com/DEVSENSE/phptools-docs/issues/555)
- Formatter: Fixed unwanted new line after chained method call [#1969](https://community.devsense.com/d/1969-help-on-formatting-rules)
- Fixes override checks for `static` return types.
