/*
Title: PHP Tools v1.16 Release Notes
Tags: release notes,visual studio
Versions: 1.16.7958,1.16.7912,
Date: 2015-06-29
*/

# v1.16.7958
> Date: June 29, 2015

- Tooltip colors in dark theme fixes.
- Formatting options for semicolon and right brace handled.
- IntelliSense after $somevar:: fix.
- Block indentation supported.
- Smart new line in PHPDoc disabled in Block indent.

# v1.16.7912
> Date: June 15, 2015

### Project

- Installing PHP 5.6 instead of 5.4 from WebPlatformInstaller if there is no PHP yet.

### Publish

- FTP/SFTP library updated.
- Project publish not allowed during debug, fixes issues with Visual Studio not responding.

### IntelliSense

- Missing description of a method is taken from parent declaration.
- Magic properties shown even if real declaration is not visible.
- Optimizations.
- New implementation of code completion.
- New implementation of function signature help.
- Code completion pre-selects most recent item.
- Code completion improvements after backslash, new, global and function.
- Code completion has WPF tool tips (formatted and coloured).
- Code completion works better with namespaces.
- Code completion shows only next part of a namespaced name. Backslash commits and shows the next part.
- After typing "$" and deleting the "$", completion is dismissed.
- Editor exception fixes.
- Minor IntelliSense fixes.
- Option for enabling/disabling preselection of most recently used member.
- Better IntelliSense after "use".
- Fixes of code completion when cursor is between two non-string tokens.
- Fixes for special function names (echo, empty, isset, __construct, ...).
- Fix of newly declared variables missing from code completion.
- Symbol icon in tooltips.

### Editor

- Refactoring | Rename in context menu (HTML Editor must be disabled).
- Drag&Droping files from Windows Explorer opens them.
- Go To Brace with extending selection (Ctrl+Shift+]).
- Shift+F12 looks into referenced projects as well.
- Shift+F12 highlights "new" of corresponding "__construct".
- Tooltip during debugging fixes.
- Name of class or interface is coloured.
- Code completion fixes between a word and variable name.
- (VS2013+) Matching ' and " is not autocompleted inside strings and comments.
- New Smart Indent engine (major change).
- Fixes.
- Snippets are formatted after insertion.
- Fix of cases where VS shows error dialog after deleting portion of code.

### PHPDoc

- When generating PHPDoc (after typing /**), selection is placed over 'summary' text.
- Syntax in PHPDoc comments is highlighted (type names, variable names, tags, delimiters).
- Colours of PHPDoc syntax in Tools | Options | Fonts and Colors, PHP Doc ...

### Code Validation

- Closure is callable.
- compact() function handled.
- Fix of duplicitous warning messages.
- Fix of duplicitous error messages.
- Fix of foreach variable warnings, Iterator objects allowed, strings not.

### Refactoring | BETA

- After changing an identifier name, smart tag (Ctrl+.) with rename action is displayed.
- Smart tag for rename allows to show preview.
- Variables, labels, types, interfaces, functions, methods, fields, constants, class constants.
- Rename dialog (Ctrl+R,R).
- Fix of cases where renamed identifier is a part of string or with prefixed namespaces.

### Testing

- Other test errors (syntax error, unknown class etc.) handled.
- Other PHPUnit output noted in Output window.

### Debug

- Variable '$user' can be watched.

### Setup

- The extension is installed for all users.

### Composer

- Composer integration fixes.
- Replace property in composer.json handled.

