/*
Title: PHP Tools v1.9 Release Notes
Tags: release notes,visual studio
Versions: 1.9.4910,1.9.4839,1.9.4832,1.9.4815,1.9.4792,1.9.4736,
Date: 2014-01-19
*/

# v1.9.4910
> Date: January 19, 2014

- IntelliSense after static::.
- IntelliSense of parameters with type hint inside a namespace fix.
- Fix of PHPDoc parser; use of @method without parameters fix.
- Icons in Visual Studio 2013 Navigate To window.
- Option to remove UTF8 BOM of PHP files.
- Option to specify hostname for built-in PHP server.
- "Show All Files" switch is available on VS Shell Integrated as well.
- Stopping debug session properly closes server.
- Debugging works if IE has been uninstalled from the system.
- Show Line Numbers and Word Wrap options work in new PHP/HTML/JS/CSS editor.
- Compatibility fixes for ReSharper - PHP editor, false warnings, snippets, formatting etc.

# v1.9.4839
> Date: December 1, 2013

- Fix for included/excluded files appearing in IntelliSense.
- Fix for indentation of generated PHPDoc.
- Fix for IntelliSense completion in PHPDoc.
- Generated PHPDoc has "mixed" types by default and contains @throws if there is "throw new" statement.

# v1.9.4832
> Date: November 28, 2013

- Compatibility fixes when Phalanger is installed.
- Compatibility check for VS 2010 *without* SP1.
- Fix of parser failing for lines with certain length.
- Fix of error reporting during package initialization.
- Fix of IntelliSense initialization for multiple projects in solution.

### Source Control

- Added support for syntax highlighting in diff window.

### Project System

- Performance improvements of Drag&Drop operation, and adding items into project in general.
- Created .phpproj.user file us backward compatible with previous version of Visual Studio.

# v1.9.4815
> Date: November 20, 2013

### Project System

- Fix of adding items with semi-colon in its name.
- Fix of flickering and collapsing when deleting items.
- Fix of correct item selected after deletion.
- Fix of IDE inresponsibility.

# v1.9.4792
> Date: November 13, 2013

- Improved project system
- Fix of nested file nodes (e.g. .coffee files and Web Essentials)
- Support for Xdebug using IPv6 address
- Fix of Collapse To Def command
- Fix of wrong snippets path not updated by Visual Studio
- Fix of Tool Tips / Quick Watch when debugging
- Fix of outlining being continuously collapsed when typing
- Fix of debugging when a Web App Project is in solution
- Fix of debug keeping listening on port
- Publish takes also dependent file nodes (e.g. generated from .coffee)
- Fix of code snippets not being available
- Explorer icons associated also under non-administrator account

# v1.9.4736
> Date: October 28, 2013

- Removed Start Page
- Visual Studio manages file associations with .phpproj and .php
- Support for Visual Studio 2013
- Inserting snippets with reformat fix
- Updated icons for VS2013 and VS2013
- About box with additional package information
- Experimental HTML/JS/CSS support (enable in TOOLS|OPTIONS|PHP Tools)

### Project System

- Improved project system
- Improved source control support
- Bolding of startup file on PHP project
- Improved project loading
- Asynchronous project loading

